---toml
type = "Section"
title = "Step 3: Develop"
---
Developing the characters is about discovering funny combinations and
getting in your character’s head.

---toml
type = "Passage"
title = "Ending the game"
---
If the event that just occurred had a difficulty greater than the game
length, the game is over. Reveal all secret goals. What goals did each
character accomplish or change?

---toml
type = "Passage"
title = "Adding new traits"
---
If the game continues, players will now choose new character traits
based on the outcome of the event.

If you got a major success, create a new trait with strength 1 based
on any link you find on the Wikipedia page for the trait you focused
on during the event.

If you got a success, roll two dice and add the two rolls. Find the
link that number down on the Wikipedia page for the trait you focused
on in the last event, and create a new trait with strength 0 based on
it.

If you got a fail, roll two dice and add the two rolls. Find the link
that number down on the Wikipedia page for the trait you focused on in
the last event, and create a new negative trait based on it.

As you create the new trait, explain to the group: what is the new
trait? What happened to your character after or during the previous
event for them to gain this trait?

---toml
type = "Passage"
title = "Goals"
---

Each player that does not have a goal can now write one, hidden on the
back of their paper. Goals should be 1) one sentence things your
character wants to happen, 2) something to do with an event that has
already happened and/or another player character, 3) something at
least one other player character doesn’t want to happen.

If a player has a goal they feel was accomplished during the last
event or that their character would change their goal because of the
last event, they should 1) reveal the old goal and why it is changing,
2) write a new secret goal.

---toml
type = "passage"
title = "Traits"
---
Traits are each based off a Wikipedia page. When you create the trait,
it’s up to you to interpret how the Wikipedia page should manifest as
a trait for your character. Traits can be almost anything about a
character: a learned skill or habit, a personality quirk, an item they
possess, a property they own, a treasured memory, etc.

Regular traits also have a “strength” which is 0 or 1 and should
represent something available to a character. Negative traits don’t
have a strength and represent something that hampers a character.

Once you have picked an interpretation for the Wikipedia page, draw
the trait onto your character and write its strength next to it (use a
minus sign, “-“, for negative traits).

(If the game didn’t end, go back to the “Explore” step.)

